lene puts it a bet she goes across the
Dottie's then she comes home and Amanda
is gone who would take my little girl
she never hurt anybody
four-year-old child is on the street if
we don't guess the abductor by day one
only about 10% of the solved this is day
three do you know people in the
neighborhood who don't talk to the
police wanted to we want to hire you to
augment the investigation they just want
my daughter back it's alright fine you
have to promise me
you have investigated an abduction
before I think mr. McCready was hoping
we could help with the neighborhood
aspect of this investigation I had the
guys you know the generous
you know what the other half are what
cops don't hold it against me
gesso asked me to find some people II
think I found are you saying you didn't
do it fine but it turns out you're lying
or a bribe cops to go after you when I
tell everyone I know it's your CI in a
rat I know a lot of people please - guns
in the house what else what will be here
in five minutes
don't go away sir we're not waiting you
lied to me I can't think of one reason
they got a friend Alliance well enough
not to matter you better take long and
hard before you start running around
here investigating the police come how
many are trying to get Noble why and
don't try to take on something you don't
have the shoulders for
you gotta take a side if you beat a
child you're not on my side if you're
seeing me coming you better run because
I'm gonna lay down this child it's all I
care about I'm gonna bring her home
tell him I'm sorry how much what does he
do
where I come from you die with you
secrets it's the kind of thing that if
you do Patrick you want to be sure are
you sure
No
you